2A — Wednesday, November 5, 2014

The Michigan Daily — michigandaily.com

 

Students vote, watch Mid

 

 

oat Be iM. silage.
TOP: Students created a banner to encourage passersby to vote in Mason Hall (PAUL SHERMAN/Daily), MIDDLE LEFT: Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mark Schauer reacts after

conceding at the MGM Grand Detroit (AMANDA ALLEN/Daily), MIDDLE RIGHT: LSA senior Gabriel Leaf, chair of the University chapter of College Republicans, reacts to Tuesday's
elections (ZACH MOORE/Daily), BOTTOM LEFT: U.S. Senator-clect Gary Peters (D) speaks at the Michigan Democratic Party's watch party at the MGM Grand Detroit (AMANDA

   
 

«

 

term Election 2014

 

  

ALLEN/Daily). BOTTOM RIGHT: The University’s chapter of the College Democrats waits for results from Tuesday's elections (PAUL SHERMAN/Daily).

Dingell keeps legacy in
U.S. House of Reps.

Third consecutive
Dingell to serve in
Congress

By GENEVIVE HUMMER
and SHOHAM GEVA
Daily Staff Reporters

The Dingell dynasty will continue. In the 12th U.S. House
District, the Detroit Free Press
has called the race for Debbie
Dingell, wife of current U.S.
House Rep. John Dingell (D).

She is the third Dingell to hold
a Michigan Congressional seat,
following current Rep. John
Dingell and his father, John
Dingell, Sr.

Inavictory speech at the state
Democrat watch party Tuesday
night in Detroit, Dingell thanked
her staff, family and campaign,
and said there were two people
she wanted to thank specifically
by name: her husband, outgoing

 

 

CUA TUB

Rep. Dingell, and outgoing U.S
Senator Carl Levin.

“These Democrats, two giants
of men...have served this state
a very very long time,” she said.
“And what we have to remember
is that they’ve been the voice of
Michigan’s values, of respecting
working men and women and
standing firm for what’s right.”

Dingell faced off against
Republican candidate Terry
Bowman, a Ford employee and
key player in the 2012 rightto-work battle in the state. She
made higher education, namely
reducing student debt, a key
focus, hosting higher education roundtables at universities
across the state to discuss issues
facing students and universities.

Dingell, who serves as a trustee at Wayne State University
recently voted against a tuition
increase at that institution.

“T’ve been on the Wayne State
board for eight years,” Dingell
said in a June interview with

 

 

puzzle by sudokusyndication.com

 

The Michigan Daily. “Every single year, it seems like it’s becoming more challenging and more
difficult and harder to afford
a higher education. And every
single day, | am meeting young
people who are graduating with
staggering debt.”

A founder of the National
Women’s Health Resource
Center, Dingell also championed affordable health care and
investing in health research that
includes women, and advocated
for policies that extend rights to
same-sex couples.

“If two people love each other,
why should we keep them from
being with each other?” Dingell said in an October interview
with The Michigan Daily.

In her victory speech Tuesday night, Dingell touched on all
those areas, also emphasizing
job creation in the state.

“We're going to keep fighting
ahead for the values we all care
about- to protect manufacturing, that if you are sick you don’t
worry about whether you need
to go to a doctor,” she said. “And
that our children, 25 percent of
our population and 100 percent
of our future, they deserve quality, affordable education. That’s
what I’m fighting for. That’s
what I stand here for tonight.”

In a October interview with
the Daily, she said the 2008
financial crash heavily impacted
the job market, which, unlike
the auto industry, has not recovered. Dingell has highlighted the
importance of job creation especially for young college graduates and those forced into early
retirement.

In an October interview with
The Michigan Daily, Bowman
emphasized his distance from
Washington as one benefit of
him taking the congressional
seat.

“It’s no fault of the individual,
but I think that if you’re in Congress for a long time you completely lose the ability to connect
with what goes on each and
every day,” he said.

 

 

 

 

Che Michigan Daily

420 Maynard St.
Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1327
www.michigandaily.com
PETER SHAHIN DOUGLAS SOLOMON
Editor in Chief Business Manager
734-418-4115 ext. 1251 734-418-4115 ext. 1241
pishahin@michigandaily.com —dougsolo@michigandaily.com

 

Newsroom News Tips
734-418-4115 opt. 3 news michigandaily.com
Corrections Letters to the Editor

tothedailyemichigandaily.com

Editorial Page

opinion@nrichigandaily.com

corrections michigandaily.com
Arts Section

artsi@ michigandail.com

Sports Section Photography Section
spertsi@ michigandaily.com photow michigandaily.com
Display Sales Classified Sales

dathdisplavegmaileam classified@michigandaily.com

Finance

financewmichigandaily.com

Online Sales

onlineadswmichigandaily.com

EDITORIAL STAFF
Katie Burke Managing Editor

Jennifer Calfas Managing News Editor fealfaswemichigandaily.com
SENIOR NEWS EDITORS: hut DilEughan: Sau: Gringlas. Wil Greeuberg, Rachel Preniack
and Stephanie Shenoude

ASSISTANT NEWS EDITORS: Alka Akhtca, Neale Berkowsk, Chere Bryan Shelia:
Gea. Anabel Kavoub, Ensue Kerr. Phonias Me Brien, En:ie Plesset. Michael Sugeruiat

keburkew michigandaily.com

and Jack Purnia

Megan McDonald and

Daniel Wang Editorial Page Editors opinioneditersi@? michigandaily.com
SENIOR EDITORIAL PAGE EDITORS: Aarica Marsh and Victoria Nable

ASSISTANT EDITORIAL PAGE EDITORS: Matthew Selfguiatand Das ‘dl Elarris

Greg Garno and
Alejandro Zufiiga sans
SENIOR SPORTS EDITOR.
Lour? ud deren Sun
ASSISTANT SPORTS EDITORS: Manx Bultoxu. Minh Doan. Deaael Felden, Siacou
Raufonu, Evin Geno, take Louriu: id lason Rubisteli

John Lynch and
Akshay Seth Managing Arts Editors aksew michigandaily.com
SENIOR ARTS EDITORS: Giancarlo Buonoura, Natalie Gadbots, Erika Elarwood cad
Mec Stern

ASSISTANT ARTS EDITORS: Jlancte Bireall. Jackson Powered, Gillan heck cad Medd e
Thowras

Teresa Mathew and

Paul Sherman Managing Photo Editors photow michigandaily.com
SENIOR PHOTO EDITORS: Alsou Farrand and Rubs Wella

ASSISTANT PELOTO EDITORS: Luna Am Arches. Virginia Lozaune

woes Caller, Me Kenzie Berezin, cid Nicholas Wiles

Carolyn Gearig and

Gabriela Vasquez Managing Design Editors design michigandaily.com
SENIOR DESIGN EDITORS: Ana Macken cid Alicia Koxalcheck

Carlina Duan Magazine Editor statement michigandaily.com
DEPUTY MAGAZINE EDITORS: Mas Radwinand Amrutha $i akon

STATEMENT PHOTO EDITOR: Rubs Wellau
STATEMENT LEAD DESIGNER: Aun Mackets
Mark Ossolinski and Meaghan
Thompson Managing Copy Editors
SENIOR COPY EDITORS: Maui: Sheik band Alisha Qiu

Austen Hufford Online Editor ahufford@michigandaily.com
VIDEO EDITORS: Paula Friedrich and dances Reslier Wells
SOCIAL MEDIA EDITOR: Briain Jolson

aging Sports Editors spertsediterswmichigandaily.com
Mas Cohen. Alexa Dettelbach, Les Pacher, Raku Khare, hee

  

   

 

Iplvnchmichigandaily.com

 
  

copydeskiwmichigandaily.com

BUSINESS STAFF

Sagine

 

Ihe Michgen Be yf S81 OS GO
stucents et the Jn'vers ty ef
be p'ckee up et the 32 v's office fer

“Er

 
   

d

    

enter term Uenuary throug!

be

 

 

Madeline Lacey University Accounts Mana,
Ailie Steir Classifed Manager

Simonne Kapadia Local Accounts Mana,
Lotus An National Accounts Manager
Olivia Jones production Managers
Nolan Loh Special Projects Coordinator
‘ Jason Anterasian inance Manager

s pub shee Moncey through “res

Ine copys ave’ ebe free cf che

 

 

ssarptens fer fe term. start’n

ere subect te 2 recucee subscr'pt en rate, On campus subser'ptons for fs tem are $33, Subscr'pt’ens must

epec. Ihe 4 chgen 32 ys e member cf Ihe Assoc stec “ress ene Ihe Assoc ete Co eg ete “ress,

ger

¢

ger

¢

¢

¢

curng the fg anc vinter terms be

  

 

wtee rescers, Acetone copes me
ember, ve JQ.me) are 270)
2s FO, Jnvers'ty eff “etes

ns

   

 

mber threus!

 

car ong {

 

 

Incumbents keep seats
in midterm elections

Republicans
maintain hold in
executive office
By GOVERNMENT BEAT

Michigan Republicans held
their posts statewide, winning
the Attorney General and Secretary of State races and pushing Governor Rick Snyder to
reelection. Meanwhile, Ann
Arbor district-level Democratic politicians maintained their
hold on the U.S. House of Representatives, Michigan House
of Representatives and Michigan State Senate.

Attorney General

Michigan Attorney General
Bill Schuette (R) will retain his
seat, besting Democrat Mark
Totten. As of 2 a.m. Wednesday
morning, unofficial election
results showed that Schuette
led Totten 52.1 percent to 44.2
percent.

“T will continue to serve as
a voice for the constitution,
because there are cops and
firefighters who worked hard
in a tough city whose pensions
were at risk,” Schuette said ina
speech at the Renaissance Center Tuesday night.

“Laman optimist at the core,
and this election is all about
tomorrows,” Schuette said. “1
am confident Michigan’s best
tomorrows are just ahead. “

Schuette, who outspent Totten by a near six-to-one margin
during the campaign, has said
he would like to be a “voice for
victims” of all crimes in his
second term.

Formerly a_ federal
ecutor, Totten emphasized his
desire to protect Michigan citizens from economic crime. He
also aimed to better support
women’s and students’ rights,
two areas in which he said
Schuette failed.

In his first term, Schuette

pros
has attempted to protect the
state’s ban on same-sex marriage and its ban on affirmative
action.

Secretary of State

Secretary of State Ruth
Johnson (R) kept her seat
against Democratic challenger Godfrey Dillard. Unofficial election results indicated
Johnson led Dillard 53.5 percent to 42.9 percent at 2 a.m.

Johnson’s reelection
paign emphasized her work in
customer service and expanding the department’s online services. She previously worked as
the clerk and register for deeds
in Oakland County.

Dillard, a Detroit attorney,
announced his campaign in
August. Following his defeat,
he said his campaign stint was
still impactful.

“Vm not discouraged,” Dillard said. “I think as I go forward I'll keep looking for ways
1 can serve the citizens of
Michigan.”

calm
Michigan State Senate

State Sen. Rebekah Warren
(D-Ann Arbor) won her second
term over Republican challenger Terry Linden.

Warren has served
Arbor as a state senator since
2011. Previously, Warren
served in the Michigan House
of Representatives from 2007
to 2010.

In her tenure, Warren has
focused on women’s rights and
environmental protection. In
September, she co-introduced
legislation to require all health
insurance companies to provide the option to purchase
abortion service coverage. She
has also sponsored legislation
to help sexual assault survivors, gender pay equity and
works to extend workplace
family medical leave.

Warren is invested in
improving the environment. In

Ann

May, she demanded with other
politicians to cease oil and gas
drilling in nearby Scio Township.

Warren has also fought to
improve state support for both
K-12 and higher education.

Linden, her challenger, was
not available to media during
the campaign.

Michigan House
of Representatives

State representative Jeff
Irwin (D-Ann Arbor) has won
reelection for a third term,
defeating Republican challenger John Spisak.

Irwin has pushed for greater
state involvement in all levels
of education and has argued
that improving the state’s educational institutions can be a
means of economic growth. In
April 2013, Irwin proposed a
bill to extend in-state tuition
equality to undocumented
students, a move hailed by oncampus student groups.

“1 think it’s good state policy to try to keep those people
here in Michigan, giving them
opportunity to contribute to
our economy and communities,” Lrwin said in a 2013 interview with the Daily.

He has also been an advocate for improved
mental protections, and

environ
supports increased investment
in infrastructure to aid economic recovery.

Spisak, an Ann Arbor resident, is a stay-at-home father
who previously owned small
businesses. He _ prioritized
investing in roads, bridges and
other infrastructure. He also
campaigned to better education.

Daily News Editor Rachel
Premack and Daily Staff Reporters Ben Atlas, Shoham Geva and
Genevieve Hummer contributed
to this report.